{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc0\deff0{\fonttbl
{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\info{\*\hlinkbase A:\\B\\}}
\deftab1134\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margt1008\margr1440\margb1008\pard{\*\txfieldstart\txfieldtype0\txfieldflags128\txfieldbin\txfielddata 312d3133}\plain\f0\fs24\cb2 DANIELLE ROSE\par 8500 MASON STREET\par VACAVILLE, CA 95687\par Tel:  \par{\*\txfieldend}\plain\f0\fs24\par\par{\*\txfieldstart\txfieldtype0\txfieldflags128\txfieldbin\txfielddata 342d39}\plain\f0\fs24\cb2 June 3, 2024{\*\txfieldend}\plain\f0\fs24\par\par{\*\txfieldstart\txfieldtype0\txfieldflags128\txfieldbin\txfielddata 322d3331}\plain\f0\fs24\cb2 [Client: User Configured Client Addressee]{\*\txfieldend}\plain\f0\fs24\par\par\pard\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 Dear {\*\txfieldstart\txfieldtype0\txfieldflags128\txfieldbin\txfielddata 322d3236}\plain\f0\fs24\cb2 [Client: Salutation]{\*\txfieldend}\plain\f0\fs24 ,\plain\f0\fs24\par\par Beginning in 2016 eligible individuals and their families are allowed to establish ABLE savings accounts that will not affect their eligibility for SSI, Medicaid, and other public benefits.\~\par\par The accounts are tax-advantaged accounts for individuals with disabilities and their families. The beneficiary of the account is the account owner, and income earned by the accounts will not be taxed. Contributions to the account made by any person (the account beneficiary, family and friends) will be made using post-tax dollars, and, with few exceptions in some states, are not tax deductible.\par\par The ABLE Act limits eligibility to individuals with significant disabilities with an age of onset of disability before turning 26 years of age. If this age criteria is met and the individual is also receiving benefits under SSI and/or SSDI, he or she automatically is eligible to establish an ABLE account. If he or she is not a recipient of SSI and/or SSDI, but still meets the age of onset disability requirement, he or she can still be eligible to open an ABLE account if he or she meets Social Security\'92s definition and criteria regarding significant functional limitations and receive a letter of certification from a licensed physician. He or she need not be under the age of 26 to be eligible for an ABLE account. A qualifying individual could be over the age of 26, but must have had an age of onset before the individual\'92s 26th birthday.\~\par\par A qualified disability expense means any expense related to the designated beneficiary as a result of living a life with disabilities. These may include education, housing, transportation, employment training and support, assistive technology, personal support services, health care expenses, financial management and administrative services and other expenses which help improve health, independence, and/or quality of life.\par\par The total annual contributions by all participating individuals, including family and friends, for a single tax year is $14,000, and the law limits one ABLE account per eligible individual opened only in your state of residence.\~ By the way,\~you are allowed to fund an ABLE account by rolling over\~assets from an existing 529 plan into the beneficiary's ABLE account.\par\par The first $100,000 in ABLE accounts is exempt from the SSI $2,000 asset threshold, but if and when an ABLE account exceeds $100,000, the beneficiary\'92s SSI cash benefit would be suspended until such time as the account falls back below $100,000. \~\par\par Sincerely,\par\par\par\par{\*\txfieldstart\txfieldtype0\txfieldflags128\txfieldbin\txfielddata 332d39}\plain\f0\fs24\cb2 [Preparer: User Configured Preparer Signature]{\*\txfieldend}\plain\f0\fs24\par\par }